[transmission crackling]
[transmission warbling]
[transmission ends]
[wind blowing]
[ominous music playing]
‐ [tense music playing]
‐ [panting]
[feet skid]
[panting]
There’s gotta be something,
anything!
If this is a game,
there’s gotta be
a last‐ditch move
I can use! [gasps]
[groans] If I use five points
for a Help Call,
that’s half a million!
But who the hell
would I call, anyway?
Maybe Kyoda?
No way. That guy’s embezzled
more points than I have!
I can’t get mixed up
in a Judgment Game! [groans]
Come on.
Don’t I have any other friends
that can save me
from this nightmare?
[panting]
[gasps]
Sorry, Kaname!
You’re the only person
I could think of!
[gasps]
Seriously?! A dead end?!
Damn it!
[cell phone pinging]
[whimpers]
Oh, shit.
Come on. Hurry!
Get your ass over here
right now! [gasps]
If you don’t, he’s gonna...
[pinging]
[transmission warbles]
God damn it.
Fine! I’ll kill you myself!
This is nothing
but a stupid game, right?
It’s over!
‐ [pinging]
‐ [gasps]
[dramatic music playing]
[gasps]
Show yourself, you psychopath!
Come out and fight me!
Play fair, would you?
[gasps]
Why?
[spurts]
[blades clatter]
[gasping]
[cell phone warbles]
[train whooshing]
[train rattling]
[boy sighs]
[class chatting]
Even if you buy ’em used,
these mid‐size bikes
still cost an arm and a leg.
It looks like I’m
gonna have to find myself
a decent‐paying job.
‐ Hey, Kaname!
Dude, you saw what’s
at the station, right?
‐ Sorry, Shinozuka, but I have
no idea why you’re so excited.
Are they about to open
a cool new shop
‐ over there or something?
‐ Nah, this is way better!
It’s that
body‐outline art series
everyone’s talkin’ about!
‐ "Body outline" what now?
‐ Pay attention, man.
These things have been
poppin’ up all over Shibuya!
And no one knows
who the artist is.
Somebody’s carving ’em
into the streets and walls,
and it only takes ’em
one night to finish!
‐ That’s disturbing.
It’s like some kind
of messed‐up graffiti.
‐ Kaname. Shinozuka.
Where’s Hamada?
Have you seen him?
‐ Hamada? Pretty sure
he’s absent today.
‐ [growls] Seriously?
You mean you haven’t
heard from him or anything?
I refuse to believe that
notification I saw last night.
‐ Is something wrong?
‐ Uh, no.
‐ Oh, that reminds me,
you and Hamada
both bought new bikes
not too long ago, didn’t you?
You must have
a sweet part‐time job then.
Hook me up if they need
another guy, will you?
Uh, sorry.
I’d like to help you,
but I can’t.
Anyway, let me know
if you see Hamada. Please!
Actually, wait.
I just remembered.
He sent me some
weird notification last night.
SHINOZUKA: Huh?
‐ What is this?
A free‐to‐play game?
Don’t tell me he got
so wrapped up in this thing
that he’s out skipping school.
‐ Eh, it looks
kinda like spam to me.
I would just ignore it.
‐ It says right here
that it’s free to play.
If he liked it that much,
maybe it’s good.
It’s called Darwin’s Game.
‐ Kaname, do not open that app,
whatever you do!
‐ Why not?
Is it gonna charge me?
Huh?
[cell phone warbling]
Hey, what the hell?!
[weakly] A snake bit me.
‐ [distant]
Hey, uh, are you okay?
‐ [normal] Kaname!
‐ Oh, crap!
You’re kidding me!
Wake up! Speak to me!
‐ Oh, my God, this is bad.
‐ Kaname! Hey, Kaname!
‐ What do we do?
‐ Take him to the nurse!
‐ Okay. Help me pick him up.
‐ ’Kay. You get his arms.
[both grunt]
[blade stabs]
[spurting]
GIRL: It’s fun to play around
with cool weapons and all,
but it’s kind of a waste when I
only get to fight weaklings.
[cell phone chimes]
Eh?
Aw, that avatar
has such a cute face.
Give it everything you’ve got,
and you might just survive,
Kaname Sudo!
‐ [gasps]
[groans]
‐ Ah, Sudo. I see you’re awake.
You passed out at your desk
for some reason.
How are you feeling now?
Do you think
you can you return to class?
‐ Not yet.
I think I need to go home
and lie down
for the rest of the day.
I’m feeling pretty terrible.
‐ Oh.
All right. That’s fine.
In that case,
fill out this form for me.
‐ Okay. Thanks.
[gasps]
‐ [pen clatters]
‐ Still dizzy?
‐ No, I’m fine.
Wait. Where’d it go?
‐ [energy warbles]
‐ [gasps]
Oh. There it is.
Does this work?
‐ Yes. Perfect.
‐ Great. I’ll head home.
‐ Hope you feel better soon.
‐ Eh?
Using me as an excuse
to play hooky, huh?
‐ You got a funny way
of showin’ gratitude, man!
We were the ones who hauled
your dumb ass to the infirmary!
‐ All right, thanks.
You’re my hero.
‐ Listen. We need to have a talk
about that game
that Hamada sent you.
‐ Why are you being
so serious, Kyoda?
What was it?
Darwin’s Game, I think?
‐ Shh! We can’t talk here.
‐ What’s with you?
‐ Hey, guys!
Let’s blow off
the rest of the day
and head to a karaoke place!
I don’t feel like goin’
to PE class later.
‐ Sorry. I actually
have to go home.
‐ Aw, I see how you are!
‐ [chuckles]
‐ Okay.
I’ll ride over to your house
this evening
and explain
everything you need to know.
Keep your hands off that game
until then.
I’ll see you guys around.
‐ You up for karaoke?
‐ Huh?
Uh, sure. I’ll go.
‐ [sighs] Well, as long
as he’s feeling better,
I suppose I don’t mind much.
[gasps]
Wait a minute.
That’s odd.
I was certain I only had one
of these little cat pens before.
[train rattling]
‐ Kyoda was acting weird today.
I wonder what’s up with him.
Darwin’s Game, huh?
Why’s it bad?
Maybe it’s some kind
of illegal gambling app.
I remember a snake
popping out at me
when it started up.
Was I hallucinating?
That’s crazy.
Apps can’t do that.
It’s not real.
It’s just some stupid game.
I had better
get my head on straight.
‐ [cell phone buzzes]
‐ Hmm?
[cell phone warbles]
"Kaname Sudo versus Banda"?
Hang on.
I never typed in my name,
and that avatar
looks just like me.
Oh, crap.
It’s counting down already?
But I don’t even know
what the rules are yet!
Huh? [chuckles]
That’s the enemy?
I mean, that’s Banda,
the mascot
for the local baseball team.
Can they do that?
[gasps]
[tense music playing]
Uh...
I feel like he’s staring at me.
‐ [P. A.] We’ll arrive at
the next station momentarily.
KANAME: Okay.
What’s a mascot character
doing on a train?
I mean, that is Banda
from the baseball team, right?
Why does he have
a carving knife?
Is this a prank show
or something?
Whoa, hey!
He’s coming closer.
Um, hi there.
Can I help you
with something, or...
[gasps]
[yelps]
What the hell?!
What do you think you’re doing?!
Maybe it’s hard to see
with that panda head on,
but you almost stabbed me!
[grunts] Back off!
[energy surges]
[whimpers]
[panting]
I guess Banda kills people now?
I need to go
report this to the police!
‐ Emergency! ’Scuse me!
‐ WOMAN: Hey, what’s that?
‐ WOMAN 2: Is it a panda?
‐ WOMAN 3: Oh, yeah.
That’s Banda.
He’s a mascot for some team.
‐ [gasps]
[wails]
[grunts]
‐ Stop right there,
young man! Hey!
‐ [wails]
Help! Someone call the police!
‐ Huh?
Must be a special event.
Are they having a sale?
‐ [laughs] No way!
It’s midseason!
‐ Damn it!
What’d I do to make
a dude in a mascot costume
so pissed off at me?
Help, officer!
‐ Whoa! What’s the trouble?
‐ It’s gonna sound crazy,
but I swear it’s the truth!
This freak in a panda suit’s
trying to kill me!
‐ A panda suit? [gasps]
Sir, stop running
and put your hands in the air!
‐ He killed him.
Is this really
how I’m going to die?
No.
[object whizzes]
‐ Run, Kaname!
‐ How’d you get here?
‐ I don’t have time to explain.
Just escape and run out
the clock so you can win!
Going after rookies.
I’ll kill you myself,
you bastard!
‐ Uh, where’d he go?
‐ Invisibility, huh?
That Sigil won’t stop me.
‐ [grunts]
‐ I got him!
Uh...
‐ [slice]
‐ [grunts]
[gasps]
Yeah, nice try.
‐ [groans]
‐ Kyoda!
Just hang in there, all right?
I’m gonna call an ambulance
for you right away!
‐ Damn it.
I really screwed this up.
That guy’s still alive,
so forget about me and
run away before it’s too late.
‐ Don’t be an idiot, Kyoda.
I’m gonna get you
some help, okay?
‐ [groaning]
[metal bolt clatters]
‐ Aw, crap.
Let’s get out of here!
‐ [grunting]
[energy surges]
‐ What the hell was going on
with that crazy asshole?
How did he
turn invisible like that?
‐ That’s the kind of Sigil
he has, I guess.
Kaname, this is Darwin’s Game.
‐ I don’t know what this is,
but it is not a game.
Anyway, stop talking.
I still need to make
that phone call.
Wait. How can I
call an ambulance
if we can’t stop running?
Think quick.
There must be somewhere
we can hide
for a few minutes, anywhere!
[gasps]
[footsteps shuffling]
We did it.
We threw him off our trail.
That’s it. Just keep
walking away from us.
Good. He’s gone.
Now I have the time
to call for an ambulance.
‐ Don’t bother. You can’t
get ahold of them right now.
When you’re in Darwin’s Game,
your only connection
to the outside world
is through the app itself.
I’m screwed.
‐ Wait. What do you mean?
You’re not making any sense.
Just hold on!
RECORDING: The number
you are trying to reach
is currently not in service.
‐ Huh? No way!
I must have dialed it wrong!
‐ The number
you are trying to reach
is currently not in service.
‐ Be on your guard
in case he finds us.
Stay away from him
until the timer runs out.
‐ That shouldn’t be too hard.
He’s got no idea
where we’re hiding.
‐ [gasps]
Shit! It’s like he’s
got animal instincts!
Move along already.
‐ [cell phone buzzes]
‐ Crap!
I didn’t mute my phone.
Did he hear that?
No, I think we’re good.
He probably can’t hear much
with that mask on.
Sorry. I probably
should have silenced that.
But I think it’s okay.
I’m pretty sure he hasn’t
figured out where we are.
I guess that means my phone
is working, though, huh?
Man, talk about
the worst timing ever.
Another Darwin’s Game
notification.
[gasps]
I don’t get it.
Can all this really be
happening because of this game?
I saw a snake when it launched.
Then I got attacked
by a panda mascot
right after a panda
appeared on the screen.
Is Darwin’s Game causing
these things to happen to me?
"Help"?
This Shuka person,
are they reaching out
because they know
how to escape the game?
Search with the app?
Damn it! So he
does know where we are!
‐ [laughs]
Too late to back out now,
silly boy!
The snake’s already bitten you.
Don’t you remember?
‐ What is this freaky game?
‐ [footstep pounds]
‐ [gasps]
[dramatic music playing]
‐ [groaning softly]
‐ [gasps]
He was close, but now he’s
headed in the wrong direction.
I guess the search function
tells you a general area,
but isn’t very precise.
Hey, can you move?
This is our best chance
to get downstairs.
‐ Just run, Kaname.
Forget about saving me.
I can just lay low on this floor
until the timer runs out.
‐ I can’t leave you here.
‐ I told you, go!
You’re the one
who’s fighting him,
so you’re the only one
who can be found
by him searching in the app.
I’m in more danger
if I’m with you.
‐ Okay, then. Wait for me here.
I promise
I’m gonna finish this game
and get you to a doctor.
‐ Sounds good,
but don’t worry too much.
The bleeding’s stopped already.
‐ If I lure him away,
he won’t find Kyoda.
Hey, stupid! I’m over here!
Come and catch me if you can!
[panting]
He chased after me
without any hesitation.
That must mean he’s only
interested in killing me.
Kyoda was right, the app
won’t locate anyone else.
Now to end this crazy
death game and save my friend!
The question is, how am I
supposed to win against him?
The guy’s got a knife
and some kind
of invisibility power!
‐ That’s it, Kaname.
You’ve got this.
If my pathetic Sigil
could do something useful,
instead of just showing me
the auras of living things,
maybe I could have been
more help to you.
But I know you,
and you’ve got the strongest
aura I’ve ever seen,
so I think you’ll
be able to help me.
[sighs]
It was irresponsible
to get you
involved in all this,
but please, do your best.
And then...
[door creaking]
[footsteps thumping]
[Banda laughing]
It’s over for you, kid!
I had a feelin’ the knife
wouldn’t get the job done,
so I swiped the gun off
that cop I killed back there!
I’m pretty smart, ain’t I?
[laughing]
‐ Huh?
‐ [yells]
‐ What is this?
‐ I can see you just fine now!
‐ You little shit!
‐ You can’t run!
‐ [groans]
‐ Get off of me, brat!
‐ [gasps]
Crap!
Wait. Where’s the knife?
[gasps]
No fair!
Where’d you disappear to?
‐ [Banda panting]
‐ Don’t be such a coward!
Stop messing around, and let’s
fight each other face to face,
you bloodthirsty bastard!
[tires squeal]
‐ Dude, did I
just run into something?
‐ There’s a huge dent
in your bumper!
‐ But I don’t see anything.
That guy doesn’t look hurt.
Let’s get going.
We’re gonna be late.
‐ Yeah, I guess we’re good.
[car door closes]
[tires squeal]
‐ [groaning]
‐ Whoa, you’re still
kicking around after that?
[cell phone buzzes]
[gasps]
‐ [laughing]
Of all the shitty luck.
Losin’ to a brat
who hasn’t learned
how to use his Sigil yet.
[chuckles] Ah, well!
Darwin’s Game was fun
for a little while, at least.
Way better
than my boring job any day!
‐ [gasps]
‐ Well, have a good time
in this nightmare
if you can, kid,
’cause you ain’t ever
gettin’ out of it!
‐ I don’t understand.
Hold on!
You have to tell me
what the hell Darwin’s Game is!
‐ What is it?
Boy, am I glad you asked!
Once you get used to it,
there’s nothin’ in the world
that can give you such a rush!
But like with
everything else in life,
you won’t know until you try it!
[stifled laugh]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [wind blowing]
‐ Yes. Right.
My friend was
stabbed in the stomach
by a random attacker. Yes.
On the third floor
of a parking garage.
What’s that? No,
I haven’t called the police.
He’s hurt really badly,
so please come
as soon as you can!
Kyoda, I managed
to get ahold of somebody!
You’re saved!
[gasps]
‐ [gasping]
‐ Are you there, sir?
What happened? Hello?
[wind blowing]
[cell phone clatters]
[cell phone buzzes]
[gasping]
[crying]
[wailing]
[cell phone buzzes]
[wind blowing]
‐ Hmm?
In spite of the odds,
the beginner
still defeated the hunter.
I’m quite impressed
with you, Kaname.
I hope we get to play
Darwin’s Game together soon.
[dramatic music playing]
KANAME: This is bad.
I’m all alone now.
What’s my next move?
Kyoda and Hamada are both dead.
Should I tell Shinozuka?
No. I can’t get him
mixed up in this too.
I still don’t understand
what Darwin’s Game is
or how this app
is supposed to work.
There’s a gacha function too?
You’re kidding me.
[cell phone chimes]
[rustling]
[gasps]
What was that?
Is someone here?
Ah, shit. I’ve got
a bad feeling about this.
[nervous chuckle]
It’s a gun.
I hate this game.
For now...
I should learn everything I can
about this app.
If it throws me into
a surprise match like yesterday,
then I’m definitely
gonna get killed.
All right!
‐ Hey, Wang!
I think this loser’s
still conscious.
‐ [groans]
You’re with Eighth, aren’t you?
No one picks a fight
with Akita‐kai
and lives to tell about it!
[groaning]
‐ Akita‐kai, eh?
I hate to tell you,
but it seems you’re laboring
under an unfortunate
misconception, underboss.
‐ [gasps]
‐ I’m afraid
Akita‐kai’s been disbanded,
seeing as how you’re
the only member left alive.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Look at that!
Even your fearless leader’s
been cut down to size.
‐ Boss, no!
I swear, I’ll kill you bastards
if it’s the last thing I do!
‐ With pathetic underlings
like you,
I’d say the poor guy’s
better off dead anyway.
If he were still alive, you’d
be cutting your fingers off.
But don’t worry.
I can take care of that myself.
‐ Go ahead and try,
you scumba‐‐
[wails]
‐ [laughing]
‐ I wish
you could see your face.
‐ [screams]
‐ You really went
and did it, Wang.
Now Shibuya belongs
to the Eighth Clan.
‐ Don’t celebrate yet, though.
We still have one more loose end
to take care of.
‐ We know that she
has to be with either
the Danjo Boxing Club
or the Kanehira Insurance Union,
so let’s destroy both of them!
‐ We can’t do that. After all,
we’re supposed to be clear
about who our enemies are.
I mean, the Eighth Clan is
a team of righteous heroes
who protect Shibuya, remember?
‐ Uh, of course.
Sorry about that, Wang.
I was way out of line there.
‐ Anyway...
‐ [gasps]
‐ make yourself useful
and pick those loose digits up
off the floor.
I wanna pickle ’em
inside this jar.
I’m gonna let you boys take
a swig of this stuff tonight
to celebrate our victory.
Makes you snappy
as a pit viper.
‐ Um, it’s such an honor!
SHUKA: 7, 8, 9...
10, 11...
12.
Someone slaughtered
a dozen piglets.
[camera clicks]
Must be a wolf
with a major appetite.
Might even
be worth hunting down!
[cell phone buzzes]
[laughs]
[ominous music playing]
[engine putters]
[engine stops]
‐ Oh, great.
Did we really have to meet
in such a sketchy place?
Everything about this
screams instant death.
[shudders]
Yeah. Totally a trap.
[cell phone buzzes]
SHUKA: That’s close enough,
thanks!
‐ [gasps]
Hey! Come out into the open!
Let’s talk!
‐ [chain rattles]
‐ [gasps]
[chain rattles]
‐ Whoa, where did
she come from?
It’s like she just appeared
out of the sky.
I saw her avatar,
but I wasn’t expecting
the person who showed up
to actually be that cute.
You must be Shuka.
Are you really here
to give me some information
about Darwin’s Game?
Because anything helps!
‐ Yeah, sure, if you convince me
that you’re trustworthy.
But since you went
to the trouble of meeting me,
I guess I could answer
one question
without any conditions.
Go ahead. Ask!
‐ Only one freebie, huh?
Then I’d better
choose it carefully.
Here’s what I wanna know!
How the hell do you
get out of Darwin’s Game?
I got wrapped up in this mess
without knowing
anything about it!
‐ Really?
The same question again?
If you’d actually read
my message yesterday,
then you’d know
there’s no function
that allows you
to exit the game.
‐ No, there has to be
a way to make it stop.
Games don’t operate like that!
‐ Don’t blame little old me.
I didn’t design it!
Look, if you really want
to leave, then just go and die!
‐ So quitting means
giving up your life?
Every game in existence
has some kind of off switch.
I refuse to believe that I’m
trapped here until I die!
Besides, it’s illegal
to hold someone captive
against their will!
And if I can’t escape,
then how do I survive
from here on out?
Even if you don’t do anything,
people hunt you down
and attack you!
I never agreed
to be part of a sick game
where I end up getting killed!
‐ Then you’ll
just have to win it!
‐ [gasps]
‐ You kill, you win.
You win, you live.
That’s all you want, isn’t it?
Pretty simple, really.
‐ What? Are you telling me
I should kill people?
[gasps]
All right, look,
if I can’t quit,
could you at least tell me
a way to keep people
from coming after me?
Otherwise, how am I
supposed to sleep at night?
‐ [laughs]
Well, I won’t say
there isn’t a way.
But, as you know,
I won’t spill any more answers
until I figure out whether
or not I can trust you, Kaname.
That’s our deal, remember?
‐ Okay, then how can I
get you to trust me?
I have no intentions
of hurting you, I promise!
‐ First off, I want you
to tell me what your Sigil is.
Then you have to give me
a thorough demonstration.
I can’t be expected
to trust a player
who doesn’t understand
his own Sigil or how to use it.
‐ Huh? Sigil?
What does that mean?
Some kind of in‐game jargon?
Look, I don’t even know
what a Sigil is, okay?
Like I told you,
I’m totally in the dark
about this entire thing!
‐ You were bitten
by the Darwin’s Game snake,
though, weren’t you?
A Sigil is
a special type of evolution
that the snake gave you
to help you battle
opponents in the game.
‐ Evolution? I’m so confused.
I had a hallucination of
a snake when this all started,
but I’m clueless about Sigils.
‐ That’s impossible.
Even if nobody
tells you what it is,
you should be able
to use it instinctually.
It’s supposed to come to you
as naturally as breathing does,
as if it’s something
that you’ve been doing
since the day you were born.
‐ Maybe it’s like that for you.
‐ [sighs] Fine.
Whatever, then.
Sounds like you just haven’t
realized what yours is yet.
Try checking out
your detailed personal
profile screen on the app.
It should tell you which Sigil
was assigned to you.
‐ What’s she talking about?
This?
"Kaname Sudo,
one battle, one win.
Class D3."
Why does that part say,
"Error: unable to analyze"?
‐ That can’t be right.
I’ve never heard
of that happening.
‐ It says right here!
[gasps]
‐ Even if you’re
telling the truth,
I shouldn’t trust a person
who doesn’t know their Sigil,
so I’m afraid
I can’t help you anymore.
‐ Uh‐oh. Something tells me
she isn’t gonna let this end
with a polite goodbye.
You can trust me! I promise!
You know I don’t want
to fight, at least!
‐ Then you won’t mind me seeing
what you have in your backpack.
As long as you don’t have
any weapons in there,
I can let you off the hook
this one time.
‐ [gasps]
[engine puttering]
I’m glad I decided to leave
the gun tucked away at home.
Didn’t want to risk getting
questioned by the police.
Being unarmed is scary, though.
Wish I had
some kind of weapon.
Maybe something
a little more legal.
[gasps]
Okay!
‐ I’m waiting.
Aren’t you going to show me?
‐ Well, crap! How do I explain
the whole month’s worth
of living expenses
in self‐defense items I have?
So hypothetically,
how upset would you be
if I had a very small number
of extremely minor weapons
inside my bag?
‐ Well, that settles it.
The only option left
is to kill you.
[dramatic music playing]
‐ That was sudden!
‐ [metal scrapes]
‐ Say goodbye, Kaname.
‐ Oh, yeah?
That’s how you wanna play?
‐ [gasps]
‐ See you!
‐ You jerk!
What kind of man just runs away?
‐ Like being a man matters
right now! Given the choice,
I’m probably more afraid
of a girl with a weapon!
Anyway, I wasn’t expecting that
flashlight to be so intense.
Talk about
a worthwhile investment!
[door rattling]
Ugh. Of course the door
is remote‐controlled!
Don’t panic. There’s enough
room to slide through!
Wait. Something’s off,
but what?
Why do I have
such a bad feeling?
This is my only escape route.
[gasps] This is
my only escape route!
[chain rattles]
‐ I missed!
‐ Or you dodged it.
‐ [groans]
‐ Nice moves, Kaname, but...
‐ That was close!
If her vision comes back,
I’m as good as dead.
All I can do now
is hide somewhere!
Is there another exit?
Or am I about to be forced
to fight someone
to the death again?
‐ Ooh, the game’s back on.
Let’s make it even more fun.
‐ Lights?
Now I’m really out of luck.
‐ Ah, there you are.
Just so you’re aware,
all of the doors are locked,
so there’s no point in trying
to weasel your way out
of fighting with me.
‐ [grunts] Shit!
‐ Weren’t you listening?
It’s impossible!
Better fight back,
or you’re gonna die!
You see? [giggles]
Wow. That was a nice dodge!
You have some good reflexes.
If I don’t take
this fight seriously,
you might just stand a chance!
‐ No way! That was a fluke!
So why don’t you
ease up on me a bit?
‐ But if you don’t show me
your Sigil pretty soon,
I may start getting impatient!
‐ I told you before I have
no clue what that means!
It’s time to go
with my last resort!
‐ Hmm. You brought
a stun gun too?
‐ [gasps]
‐ Look at you,
being accidentally clever.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Aww. Is this where it ends?
If so, then I have to say
I’m pretty disappointed.
‐ Her chains,
they move like snakes.
‐ I’ve been holding back
this whole time
in case you decided
to behave reasonably
and show me your Sigil.
But forget it.
I’ll finish you off.
Prepare to die, Kaname.
‐ "Sigil." Let me think here.
From the looks of it,
Shuka’s Sigil
gives her the ability to
control those chains at will.
And apparently
I was the unlucky sap
who didn’t get one!
Oh, this sucks!
One good smack from
that spiky chain, and I’m dead!
But there’s no way I can
avoid these things forever!
If she operates ’em
with her mind,
then it’s only a matter of time
before she lands a hit!
Ugh. Not only did I get roped
into this without my consent,
but now a really good player’s
gonna kill me just like that?
It’s not fair!
Well, what can I expect?
Given the circumstances,
I think I did pretty well.
Nothing else
I could have done, right?
I don’t accept this.
[laughs]
No matter how I feel about it,
this is reality, and
there’s no way to change it!
Why even bother
running for my life?
This is bullshit!
Yeah, this really is bullshit.
I’d love to track down the guy
who invented this lousy game
and put a bullet in his head,
but that Shuka girl
took all my weapons!
I’m totally helpless!
[laughs]
But let’s be real here.
Even if I had a weapon,
it’s not like I’d be able
to beat someone like her.
Man, have I always been
such a weak loser?
All right, that’s enough!
If I had a weapon
in my hand right now,
I would still be able to fight!
[energy warbles]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [chorus vocalizing]
‐ [yells]
[metal clangs]
I scared her!
She saw that I had a gun
and went on the defensive.
But wait!
Why am I suddenly holding
a gun out of nowhere?
I swear I left it at home!
Is this what she meant
when she was talking
about Sigils earlier?
Hey, Shuka!
What do you say we stop this
and call it a draw?
Not cooperating, huh?
That’s probably because I
just tried to shoot her.
I could never kill a girl.
All I want to do
is defend myself.
Murder is something
you can’t take back.
It’s not some stupid game!
[gasps]
[wails]
‐ Eh?
‐ [yells]
She isn’t letting up.
[groans]
My backpack’s full
of random stuff from my place,
but it’s better than nothing.
That girl is sick in the head.
Probably trying
to force me out in the open.
She can cover
all her blind spots
by swinging
those long chains around.
And I guess this gun
isn’t good for much
except bluffing in my case.
At this point,
I’m out of places to run,
so I have to think of a plan.
The thought of pulling this
trigger again is terrifying.
Is my Sigil the power
to make guns appear?
It could have at least been
a weapon that’s easier to use!
‐ Even if nobody
tells you what it is,
you should be able
to use it instinctually.
[together] It’s supposed
‐ to come to you...
‐ to come to me...
as naturally
as breathing does.
Okay.
[chorus continues]
Try to think.
What was I doing
when the gun appeared?
And how can I make
that happen again?
I concentrated on it,
created the most powerful
weapon I know.
Created?
I can’t make guns
out of thin air.
That’s impossible.
[gasps]
Where’d this confidence
come from all of a sudden?
This isn’t like me.
[chorus ends]
[energy warbles]
Bring it back.
[metal clangs]
[gunshot]
‐ I found you.
[gasps]
‐ [gunshot]
‐ [gasps]
He lured me with the gun?
No. That wasn’t just a decoy.
‐ Come on!
Run out of time already!
‐ [gasps]
‐ I’ve made sure my eyes
are adjusted to the darkness,
so I won’t have
any trouble seeing.
‐ What’s he about to do,
try to flee while the lights
are out or attack me?
Right there.
I sense his presence!
‐ [yells]
[winces]
[yells]
‐ [yelling]
‐ [gasps]
‐ I’ve got you
right where I want you!
[electricity crackles]
‐ [screams]
‐ [grunts]
‐ [energy warbles]
[gun clicks]
[rock music playing]
I win this round!
Put down your weapons
and do what I tell you!
‐ You shouldn’t
underestimate me.
If you have the chance
to kill off your opponent,
then you take it. Otherwise,
you’ll be killed instead.
‐ Shut your mouth.
We’re gonna do this my way.
Cancel the match right now,
or else I’ll get my knife
and cut you up piece by piece!
‐ Piece by piece?
Do you mean,
total point loss measure?
‐ More game jargon?
I told you. I don’t know
anything about that stuff!
Both of us
are gonna survive this!
Or do you have
a problem with that?
‐ He wasn’t lying.
He really doesn’t know
the first thing
about Darwin’s Game, but...
I can see that he’s strong.
You can’t cancel a match
after it has begun,
but there is one way
you can stop it
before it’s finished.
I surrender.
I’ll obey you
from now on, Kaname.
[cell phone warbles]
‐ Does that mean
we’re done fighting?
‐ Mm. And since I was
the one who surrendered,
some of my points will be
transferred over to you.
‐ Okay, that’s good.
I guess...
[weakly]
we both get to live then.
‐ Hey! What’s wrong?
What are you doing?
Are you okay?
Hello? [gasps]
Huh?
[sighs]
My mind’s made up.
[typing]
GIRL: A new player working alone
has less than a 10% chance
of winning their first battle,
and yet somehow this one
has already overpowered
both Banda the rookie hunter
and the Undefeated Queen.
He’s got the potential
to be an A‐rank.
Based on what
I’ve observed so far,
it seems Kaname Sudo’s Sigil
is capable
of making things appear,
but not apportation.
And obviously the ability
has a physical effect,
so I can assume
it has nothing to do
with mind control
or optical illusions.
Is it a new,
undiscovered Sigil?
Finally I’ve got
a piece of information
that’s worth
a boatload of points!
I’ll be rich!
[water flowing]
‐ [winces]
[sighing]
Where am I? In bed?
What happened? And why am I...
[yelps]
‐ [sighs]
Oh, you’re awake.
Thank goodness!
I was worried about you!
You slept all day yesterday!
‐ Huh?
‐ Now that you’re up, Kaname.
I need to ask a really
big favor of you, please.
‐ O‐Okay?
What kind of favor we talkin’?
‐ I would like us...
to make a family.
[Japanese music playing]
[instrumental playing]
KANAME: Next time:
"Gemstone Mine."